I made an order for X tigi photo 6+ free protector,to my disappointment I didn't have the screen protector delivered
kindly trace for me my order which were cancelled with no clear reason.order number 302114876,my number 0722968081
please respond to my dm
There is no use of it . Thanks alot for giving me a voucher with a limit becoz i cant use it
Its not working u give free voucher but useless thank. But thats not fair.
I have tried its doesn't proceed to check out
I can't use it
still waiting for your reply....
hello i order item 306981386 on 16th of this month and until today haven't received it. what up??
Have received XTIGI Joy7 only.16Gb Hp flash disk was not there and amount paid was sh7608
placed an order 305657976 of two items but only one has been delivered.amount recorded on the sheet is lesser than what I paid.
GS, I'm still dissatisfied by the response given.
it shows 8GB ROM 512 MB RAM, but for the ROM, I doubt it....coz i sent videos bt were not accomodated all..
this phone doesnt have a screenshot option...
what can I do so that i opt out of your mass marketing message service? It's getting annoying please
I hope it wont take too long. These were gifts for my children and they are very disappointed. I suggest you replace the two faulty units.
My order numbers are 305272496 and 304742596. You can also check my emails, my address is imran .com
I am still waiting to hear from you on the faulty Amazon Fire Tabs I purchased weeks ago. You are ignoring my emails!
Kindly pull down items that you don't have in store. I am a disappointed customer, others will soon be.
the phone wont go past this.. direct accordingly pic.twitter.com/kSuMtnRktb
hi, bot a X TIGI UP+1 last month, of internal mem of 8GB, after connecting, am surprised to find out it has an actually 4.31GB.
Hellow want to know what happened on my oder 307538676.. Where one item is yet to be delivered...
WTF, i got my fon back yesterday had to wait 21 days,plus u never reply or update until i call & u no pick calls thats not fair
So, now that you have my money, you will not answer me? isorait. Nitawaanika Buyer beware
That's the unfortunate part I had opened it and at the moment when am shaking I see the date. That means you can't help?
Hi Team kindly cancel, i required it urgently and have bought it elsewhere, thanks
Order number 305572676 in package ADA-305572676-964. I sent an email on the same but no response
3 days??? Can i cancel it?that's too long
I placed an order last week and only opened up today to see its expiry date is June. What to do? A disappointed regular shopper.
ive received it,but i cant buy the same stuff at the price i'd bought for and some are not even there.Jumia you have really disappointed me!
to say am disappointed is an understatement!!i bought when they were on discount now some are not even there!!!!
and the CS guy i spoke to on 22/8 conveniently forgot to mention this right!!i've been following up on this order n no one bothered 2update
308661476 why is it taking ages to deliver? ama SGR aliharibika?
7 failed delivery?who,where were they delivering to and yet there was no calls made to confirm the delivery being done as is always the case
order number 304396596 date 2017-07-07. item A4503 FERO. Has issues with the mouth piece. contacts dont show when called.
Am ordering hot 4infinix x557 and is over plz stock it ..will order it tomorrow
i need to buy HOT 4LITE now!!
Hi, How do i cancel an order?
today i get an email saying the order has been cancelled.order no is 306712796.why wait a whole month and then disappoint me!!!!
am a very unhappy loyal jumia customer today.i made an order on 7th july n paid for it.been following up on it as i hadnt got it
hi. My order was cancelled and I still received a message saying that it was ready for collection. Kindly advise.
So what can I do next since this seems like not what I ordered for? Can I get another one of of different brand if a return is not possible?
And we might consider shifting shop
Otherwise, we, customers will feel cheated once we have already made payments for items that are not in your stores.
Ooh, and kindly advice those concerned to pull down ads of items that are confirmed not to be in the stores
Am talking about availability, last week I waited 5 days only to be told that it was out of stock
confirm availability of order in your stock, No 304133676. I don't want to wait 4 a week 4 it not 2 be there, as last order
your lines are busy. I want to place an order.
bought a sandisk 16GB sd card bt it seems like it can't support content abv 1.5GB, how do I get assisted?
Can I get help please the call center has no options for to interact with humans!!!!??????
why can't I get kisii pickup point as an option when purchasing
How is one supposed to talk to your agents if your numbers do not have that option??been trying to get in touch with since Sat
Please cancel order with no 306293676.
I made an overpayment and am yet to get communication on refund or getting a voucher on the extra cash.
still no feedback on my order. Last communication was a week ago. Your Jumia Order 302362276 - item(s) have been shipped""
Ooh so who's fault is it that a one month old iPhone suddenly died? Why should I pay you for selling me a reject?
WHY ARE YOU CONS IGNORING MY TWEETS & CALLS?
HOW DO YOU SELL ME A BAD PHONE & A MONTH LATER EXPECT ME TO GO TO YOUR SERVICE CENTER TO PAY THEM ONCE AGAIN FOR THE BAD PHONE?
you should stop selling 16GB mem cards that are fake after delivery
WHY IS YOUR SERVICE CENTER ASKING ME TO PAY FOR A ONE MONTH OLD iPHONE THAT I DIDN'T SPOIL? JUST WENT DEAD HOW IS THAT MY FAULT?
Covers are only found I need aphone
Is it not cash on delivery?!
then that fee is higher than expected 2500
then that fee is higher expected
hi,why did you stop giving us the pampers diaper offer??we miss it
please cancel this two orders since we considered other markets and acquired them 306586676 303594276 Since you took so long
I'm buying a memory card + phone. pickup station is Kampus mall CBD. Why are you charging me ksh 300 for shipping these small items.?
How much to ship an item to juja kiambu. Your system seems to have inconsistencies.
I am disappointed that my order has not arrived 2days later. I doubt I'll use this service again.
So I bought a gadget that isn't working and now y'all telling me that I can't return?? So. Disappointed in you
Cancel order 305626676
Okay. Will look for a local source.
I bought Skyworth Smart TV on 18.05.2016 order no. 304325762 and now it is showing dark screen on the upper side. Assist please
Details.... Hadi mtu halali
kindly check my dm
so it can't receive any smart channels?
Are all purchases to be prepaid? I have attempted to buy 3 items,despite being local delivery Nairobi & cost 3K all are prepaid
Hi, is Lightwave Tv smart TV? I bought one during flash sales and I am still forced to use the decoders. Emails aren't replied
I wantto confirm again myorder 302611986will be delivered in msa(addres burooj auto spares opposite royal court )not nrb.replyme
where's the physical location of your stores, ur phone numbers linked to answering marchines, unable to inquire about aproduct
Hi, why isnt your site loading images of any item?
To me, it seems that you, , have malformed a post and intended to tweet “item that [you] are purchasing” instead.
And it is not working!
I have the phone it has been delivered what is happening at your end seriously?
Order no 302668686 was it checked? repaired? why return it the way it was with no explanation?
I have just received my order no 302668686 which was returned but the phone is not even powering on.What is happening?
I have already waited for 21days hope u just deliver today only coz tommoro Saturday and on Monday I will be heading to msa,
am waiting for my phone order 302611986 I was told it will be delivered today give me the number of person who will deliver
How does someone collect in time if you don't send them a text alert that the item is ready for collection ? pic.twitter.com/M8b2GmPhFb
please cancel my two orders 307967676 and 302997676
But its bn more than three weeks now. I was told 72 hrs
kindly check my dm
kindly check on status of order 303675276 made on 22/8/2017,shipping taking longer than expected.
The item was returned but refund has never bn issued.. its bn more than the time that was stipulated..
A visit to jumia for shopping for baby and this is what i get pic.twitter.com/5ffT5epEhZ
why have the return not bn conpleted?
how do I cancel an order?
Need to change an order that I've confirmed.
Will thr same be corrected? How long will i have to wait?
No one from your end has made any step to fix my problem
Trying to get intouch with you guys but all in vein
It is not powering on
bought a home theater but it seems you guys ripped me off
I have provided you with the order number and yet you do not respond
I have provided the order number and you don't respond
308211986 and dont just ask for the sake like you did last time. You need to send the package or return the money
very poor customer services especially when returning products
and the call is paid for yet you dont pick
You are very annoying with returned products and poor customer services. How can one call and you don't pick a call and you know
More than 21 working days before you respond to a returned product. You can as well refund the money if you don't have a replace
You don't have a timeline for refunds?
I was expecting my order 305634276 ready at my pickup station by yesterday according to the email comm, what cld have happened?
now that my order 302157686 was cancelled less than a week after I received your message, refund me with the same urgency
The package was supposed to be prepaid yet I've nt received any confirmation from you
most of ua sales agents are selling fake goods more especially electronic gadgets and conning citizens all over the country
i have send his details would you place an order for him...i have tried since jana to place an order bt it fails
ORDER N.° 309167276 was supposed to be prepaid to pick up station kitale saboti. U hvnt comunictd
Kindly if possible fasten the process. Paid it online to make delivery process easier. I hope you will consider that.
The competition has lots of participants with few items being offered. Kindly check my history and confirm the cash i have used to promote u
check email.
waiting
Eeh maze you never answered
when did this increase happen? I've saved up with the previous price in mind only to be disappointed upon visiting the site! pic.twitter.com/pyoMeAylet
, halafu, kuna memory card I bought from your online store that isn't working. I picked it up on 22/08 (jana). Naweza return?
2nd August, haven't tried again since.
i prefer getting the full amount in cash back so that i can source for the product elsewhere right away
Kindly but urgently update me on order . It is a prepaid order & one item has been cancelled. sad.
Same error with Mozilla, had earlier tried with Chrome
what next after you cancelled my order despite having paid on thursday,not happy at all
Hi, I am a new customer, trying to register and I got an Invalid email" error. Why? That's a valid email address pic.twitter.com/pQIpyJn5Zf"
And the plot thickens so now either i take the phone or loose my money.. pic.twitter.com/nJxzCQUBw2
hello. Have a wrong product delivered how do i return
The memory card is corrupt. Doesn't store files
Some item were not available and hence couldn't accept part delivery.
Cheap is expensive; even after warranty still bearing stress of cheap phone. Am starting to be weary of your source.
i would like to cancel order 304898276. Thanks
call me please, i have a problem with my order. 309393476
Uhh , y'all didn't text me to specify the pick up timeline . Let me re order then
order no. 308154476 not delivered in full. Are you stealing from me or what?
hi you just delivered a blender that has a cracked jag.I gave it back to your rider after paying.when will I get a new one?
are you getting more sales from your page popping up l, anytime someone clicks on a link ? A bit frustrating.
hey what is the status of the item i ordered its been almost a week
saw this?? https:// twitter.com/missripplez/st atus/899175673859895296 …
do you guys still pick calls from clients
Hi,would like to return a bluetooth speaker that was delivered in faulty condition. Order no. 302794186
i have the same phone X Gigi v 10 ..and am having lots of problem using it Like its hanging a lot the music player has a problem
i bought a hollywood night whitening cream but its not working
Okay that is expensive than I thought
you people sold me a fake phone
cancel order
How will I save 350 and yet delivery fee is 300
I want to cancel the order.I was looking for an immediate delivery
you guyz sale fake phones.
Well that rare delivery happened to me and I gave up following up for a return and it was local, so you understand my fear right?
Correction kindly note, it is not are in transit but rather forced into transit after I complained. I will never prepay ever again.
Horrendous services. Kindly remind me to never prepay again or nor to use Jumia again. I will never recommend or prepay for anything again.
Jumia customer care numbers are automated, so impossible to talk to customer service staff. Emails to queries not answered too
you keep telling me my order is being worked on n its taking forever, iam raising this for the 3rd time now. 305639586
why would anyone pay 200/- to pick an item that costs 149/-
i am now following DM me
I'm I ever getting my money back?! How many days does it take to cancel a voucher? 24?
Good Morning, is there a criteria whereby Prepaid Orders are mismanaged 301489386 has not been delivered even the local items
Nyinyi kwanza mlikataa kuniuzia jacket
bought phone on 5th Anniv sale.to get 1gb data but haven't. _KE advisedI contact you. order 301415496.tel0737227386
Have rcvd no notification frm the post office.Does this mean that you nolonger inform pple when their orders are ready for collection?
Hii order bdo haijafika?? 306217386
called them, didn't seem to know anything about Jumia. You said you'd get back about questions on the screenshot. Still waiting. pic.twitter.com/GFuAX1XLBf
I waited for notification but never got, both on e-mail or via call but it's okey.
Is there an intention to effect delivery, as this was a prepaid order? Paid up customers are usually mistreated is this policy ask Adrian.
when i register with my e-mail it does not give me may forward, it only hangs with no further direction
Okay but you didn't tell me the price
Today is the 6th day. My order 307939386 has not been shipped. Kindly, why does it take this long??
hello jumia i have been shopping with since 2014 ..i need to order a tv bt am experiencing difficulties to order...
hey, you guys gave me an apology voucher, I ordered for a watch with it and the order got cancelled. I need to know why.
when I try switching off data on the device it pops back on, I have even tried setting it off in the setup guide to no avail.
Advise on order 301489386, Prepaid Order your rider Adrian Kisia 0715850566 has kept me waiting till now from 5pm,his phone off
hi; haven't recieved my package yet. i placed my order on 4th of august
the flash is not reading on my phone nor laptop. .trying to copy anything to it cant be detected
ORDER N.° 30429438 i have picked my package the phone is okay but the flash disc isnt functioning
So I was supposed to have another location yet your app doesn't allow to edit the same?
Am still waiting
Order was to be home delivered, yet I'm being called by my pickup station for the items. What's wrong?
please send me order details for order no 308595476. I have received no mail. Only phone call. I want to confirm item purchased.
It's more than 48hrs and I'm yet to get my money back!!!
o so of which my money have gone like that how can i refund them since he use to order for me goods?
It isn't available when checking out. I've tried both the browser and the app with no luck!
that's too long, why don't you opt for wellsfargo or G4s? I thought within 48 hrs I'll be having it.
do you not have pick up stations for Laikipia? Nanyuki in particular. pic.twitter.com/ehjqjgdku9
I think there is a problem with your tracking system. Its still showing its en route and no feed back was given
kindly check on this complain I bought a memory card which is faulty. My order no 305139386.pls plan to pick n replace it.
Its 7 days since I ordered a laptop order number 301726386. It hasn't been delivered yet it had been indicated as 1-4 days
I placed my order on saturday 12/08 2017,It has not yet been delivered kindly advice my order no is 302436386
i have an issue with a device I bought. Please help
Please check on my returned order and confirm when it will be delivered. I am disappointed with you.
Hey Jumia you need to be more serious with returned products. How do you stay with a product for more than 14 days?
I have been waiting for long for you to have special offers on phones and tablets but nothing.
Of late jumia is just boring and not worth it
One Jones who was my desk mate and will dozed even during the 1st lesson
You dont have a template that contains the same? I think it would be easier since am a vendor
My order no is 308891886. You are taking long to deliver the product why! it is now 20 days .... since I ordered. what's wrong
My order no is 308891886. You are taking long to deliver the product why! it is now 20 days .... since I ordered.
Hello Kindly what is happening to my order which was returned on 29/07/17. till now nothing has happened
It's been close to 2 weeks now. Running out of patience... Kindly assist
You frustrate me then i wait for another 2 days, gaatho ! Am done.
The delivery period has already passed by with another 7 days.
I already picked those. What I'm concerned about is why you're taking a whole month to deliver items that I should already be having.
Its been two days already... since tuesday
Is it possible I get a refund? It's been 30days since I made the order.
I hv orderd a watch and I wanted to include some details but I cant get in touch with customer care
do I get an apology voucher for 308796386?
Should i go and check it at my pick up station ? It's taking longer than expected ama mlicancell hyo order ?
what's the status of this order 308777386. I haven't heard anything from you since 14th.
I ordered an item last week and till now not yet received order no . Kind regards.
kindly call me via 0726145368 I have a query I triend reach out to your customer care but no responce
I contacted you a week ago about order . You said I'll get the products by today. I still haven't gotten anything.
Employ more social media agents to engage use you seem to have few of them there
You are kidding, no? Why didn't you just inform me earlier? I spoke to someone who said my order will be ready today. Jeez.
Kindly facilitate quick reimbursement of my monies.
Hello.., I've a problem with a Techno C9 Plus I purchased from you where the flash on the front camera has malfunctioned..
Canceled again, an done with you guys, am done. Kindly delete my account i find a better online retailer. Your services are shitty.
I would like to confirm that I was sent a refund voucher. But I want money, I don't want a refund voucher. You can mpesa.
I am patient but I just hope I get it on Friday so that when I travel at least I have a good fon from jumia kenya. Tell them fanya haraka
hi order no 302611986 today is 13th day any news about my fon ? Hope u sort it for me b4 friday coz am traveling I will need fon
i would like to cancel this order 305639586 , its been 3 weeks. Your service is getting poorer by the day.
theres no error message, it just doesnt open. Just the kathibg that goes round showung it is loading...
Eh I'm crying, real tears....302531196
the iPhone you guys sold me less than a month ago just decided to die. What next?
you guys are unreliable and liars a simple order zone A taking ages, very dissapointing 3/3
I paid my order but it is yet to be delivered,today is the 14th day...WHATS WRONG WITH YOU GUYS!!
OOo Kay, i just hope you won't mess up again with a cancellation.
Its a local item(hometheatre), i have the order no check dm. Yo gave me 1-4 days, today is the fourth day.
my local order is reaching 6 days tomorrow and i haven't received any notification on delivery,what's not right?
U guys should have sent me a message instead of waiting for me to contact u first.. easy tho
after placing an order what happens next? who calls the other, me or you?
Oh it is? Haven't been informed that's why I asked
its almost 1hour since when i talked with the lady she hasn't gotten to direct me as agreed
My order no.301386186 and 301824386 were made on 5/08/017..shipping started on 10/08/017...zinakuja na meli ama?..11 days now
Actually, from my side am seeing that my order is still being shipped, the email says another story, now which is which ?
morning, still no word on my order that you mentioned was in its final stages...order no. 306712796
hi made an order but recieved only one item of 2. 307139386
it's the 5th business day since i made O.N 3025631860. What the status ?
I bought injoo max3 order 306798926 it's processor has stopped. How can you help because it Still has its warranty
Hey, wanted to inquire on status of Jumia order no 303899986 since its a week overdue and no communication has been made.
order 301476886 not shipped and it's past the timeline that you guys gave me. Kindly assist.
your numbers aren't going through. Could i get a status on purchase order no. 301171186 that i made on 10th Aug 2017?
you have not yet responded to my cancellation..
you said if one orders before 2pm, the order will be delivered the next day. I did it and here is my order No. 304991386
Why are my order details different? The order details reads 1-4days
how do I cancel an order
But mine is not showing, don't know which website you are talking about photo shot of my order suggest so
But you didn't indicate this during the time I was placing the order
They have taken longer than expected this is now the second week, what's wrong?
placed an order 4 days ago bit no communication from u guys..should I assume u don't have the item and buy elsewhere? 307852386
it is not working.. I need a refund please..it's a month.. I can't withstand anymore.. please
okay then... one last thing. i bought an innjoo max 3 too but it has issues with batery... kindly recomend there care center ill take it.
here's the pending order... pic.twitter.com/IwCzpRI3Jg
afternoon, I ordered a tecno batery and was to be shiped to kakamega posta. it's been a week + and hasn't yet been delivered.
pliz help me change this order from gold to silver laptop CLR, i was to be called for confirmation still waiting
I got a refund voucher worth 3749/-, but when i use it, it says its worth 949/-. Kindly help
OK, so now I'm stuck on 'your payment is processing' and if I try a new order, the coupon is not recognized. So now what?
Good morning. Kindly confirm the status of the following order I placed a week ago. 308957186 is the order number.
Infact tomorrow will be the 5th day am waiting
You guys hamko serious but it's okay, kesho ikipita nayo, i won't need it anymore
I've been instructed to pick my package at the CBD yet that is not my location and you have charged delivery. Why?
trying to order a laptop but there is no pay on delivery option. Please assist
hi, am tryin to place an order but cant find the pay on delivery option, please assist.
my order 308435186, delivery Githurai 45. Almost a week now
where is my order 308435186, it is almost a week now, kwani hapa Githurai 45 ni mbali. Deliver kesho please
Hi... I'm trying to track my order 304623196... I've tried calling but nobody does anything.. Please check on that.It's urgent
i made an order and paid via ipay last week till date no confirmation call nor delivery call has been made. What is the problem?
I made the order based on the previous delivery. I may seek cancellation if it goes beyond tomorrow.
my order is taking ages to arrive. The intended purpose is almost running out of time pic.twitter.com/rJE1J52YK8
what's up with my order I'm just seeing waiting.. order no. 304294386
From morning??? C'mon guy's i can't wait any longer...
pls cancel order no 302277386 urgent
MUST I PAY FIRST BEFORE DELIVERY OF A PRODUCT?
Order 305394586. There were two items. I already received one last week. The other one is yet to reach me-the one from overseas.pleaseadvice
I ordered a product on 1st August, I'm yet to get it.
So which items were dispatched? coz i sent someone to collect them and i paid!
Ok I hope so, pple r but to work, election is over last week ,so don't make that excuse and u r the bigest shopingmall in Africa u can do it
I already placed an order, my worry is that its taking 2 long to b delivered yet Ipayed in advance order ID number 301726386.
Then y u r not picking my call, this is the last week I can wait by Friday &Saturday hope u will be through I can't wait for 24 days.
i would like to buy the Tecno Camon Cx 5'5. Are there any other colours?
i bought a phone 4 months ago on your premise and now it has started misbehaving part of the screen is not responding what do i
That is not fair, am wasting my credit to call u and u not picking , please reply me or call back , if u can't do that then return my phone
ordered for smartphone online which was in stock. Then you cancel my order after 3 days. Very poor service. pic.twitter.com/aMGlU4AVVj
Am still waiting for your reply or call
I placed an order on 7/7/2016 for mp3 car modulator. It is now more than 21 working days- what is not happening??
Waiting for your reply or call me because when I call u never pick .
No I can't wait that long its almost 10 days please if u can't do it by tomorrow then send me my fon back, u guys don't want to cooperate
Kindly check for me order number 302543186 I have a text informing me that an email was sent but I have received none
Hi, is your customer care personnel partisans of Odinga and decided not to go to work?
Kindly update me on status of order 301131186, the online tracking hasn't updated since 10th August.
order 302611986 you guys r not picking my call y and I want to know about my fon plz r u still closed or....Please
I feel I'm not getting value for my money. Can I collect my items today?
I'm running out of patience, this is an order I have already paid.
Since I placed my order more than a week ago I haven't received any confirmation call.
what's happening to my order?
Am inquiring on order ID number 301726386 , a laptop ordered and payed for,why is it delaying? I fear my money may get lost
Am inquiring on order ID number 301726386 , a laptop ordered and payed for, why is it delaying ? I fear my money may get lost
The voucher is undergoing quality check? On second thought I want my money back via MPESA. 24 days are already over.
Why did you cancel my order 308326186? Proceed to make a new order 304828386.
I bought PS3 controller at your outlet but in a week time its keypads started hanging .. Can I return it and get a replace?
Just wondering whether you guys confirms customer's orders during packaging, I feel like I have been lied to. poor customer services
Kindly take this machine and refund me so that I can buy a new one, or bring me what I ordered. This is turning to be a nightmare.
I urgently need a new laptop, and its frustrating that I was delivered a different laptop from what I ordered.
well, 48 hours are almost over, no one has come to collect the item. So am wondering what's wrong.
nimechoka kungoja pic.twitter.com/ySvY7xPDRh
This is the last time I am buying from you... A lot of inconveniences... 10+ working days...mmenibore
I don't want a voucher! I had requested for a refund! They said they would Mpesa..still waiting
you should be sincere with your deliveries if at all you would like to win trust of many customers.
i regret buying anything on this site have made payments for item that came and you dont want to deliver
mnanibore sana...I returned my power bank after finding that it was faulty and now you gave me a voucher as if I needed
when are you delivering for me my power bank..order no 308594386???I have paid for it
That's not fair u r not picking my call. After yesterday pple r back to work u guys r still letting us down plz call me or reply 302611986
I have sent u the details ..can u get it Leo??
whenis my Parcel Tracking: WHF-306351786-GJA being deliverd yestereday you didnt assist me yet its due for collection... pic.twitter.com/7vjM8l6q7o
I never got the refund! Kindly check on your end or send me the MPESA reference number.
this is exactly the reason why I'm quitting jumia soon pic.twitter.com/nHsz6fwcaP
hey guys why is my order 308868186 taking so long its been 4 days no confirmation
I was ....told that the package was to be delivered today ..so what the hell ??plus this election stuff I want it tomorrow Saturday
But that guy has really frustrated me
Best way you can help just cancel that order cause have waited for almost two weeks then you frustrate me I will buy from shop thank you
That guy pretend that he had called me two time even I think he doesn't know south b
hello, awaiting my order 307535186?
i have issues on item refund since 6 August and i haven't gotten any responses since kindly take a look on it
kindly requesting you to send back my money if your not willing to serve me??
even to reply a tweet it takes you a whole month just like the order I placed
I want to place an order for a laptop but your app is not going through. What's the procudure pliz. or contact me 0707578035
I don't need that subwoofer am angry with you cancel that order
I just Want to know why did the guy ysend to deliver my order pretend that he called me and went back with my order clarfication
I paid the screen early mrng but still cant get the help from you?
I have paid 4 screen at jumia and yet it has not been http:// derivered.how can I get the help from you?
MY ODER NUMBER IS ,ITS CONFIRMED THAT I SHUD GET IT TODAY WHATS IS GOING ON???
,,TELL 0727099321 MR JACKSON MAKORI TO MAKE MY DELIVERY AS SCHEDULED!!!!!HES THE ONE I GOT AN SMS HE SHUD DELIVER
,mr jakson makori is to delivery my items ###,TODAY 11/08/2017,YET ITS NOT YET DELIVERED,I HATE THIS INCONVINIENCIES
Hello Kindly check for me order no was returned but I haven't heard from you guys
I haven't received any communication.The calls goes through but no ones cares to pick.
Got very bad services from you guys.order number 302845886
You said you'd process my voucher within 72hrs that was 10days ago. I've tried to inquire about it but you no longer respond
It hasn't been an exciting shopping experience..plus if an item is out of stock, why should it still be on your website?
hey, how do i cancel an order i've placed? and how do i use my voucher?
Good morning order 302611986 any update coz I need fon my work has stopped please pick my call .or reply me back. Waiting for your reply
cancel my order . Thanks
I placed order no.301277286 for​ an overseas item and the 15-19days waiting period has passed and still no communication
am trying to reach you but all I hear is music. Can you please advise me when my order will be delivered.
I placed an order whose destination is Kakamega.I can't make a follow up for it,no. 307189186. Please give me an update on that
hi I ordered an item on date 3 August and I haven't receive it yet, and my order was shipped on date 4 what the problem?
That's been the narrative for the past one week.
Hello. It's been almost 3 weeks since I made & paid for order number 306362986 & still haven't received some of the items yet.
Hi, 'm still waiting
what happened to my delivery? Its now 7 days and no communication,no response to my email, no picking of calls...
Okay, but the issue is that the order that they cancelled was an international one that I already paid for
This hastening and possibly the escalator you are using needs to be checked A whole three weeks escalating one issue?! Nkt
This hastening and possibly the escalator you are using needs to be checked A whole three weeks escalating one issue?! Nkt
I think the wrong order was cancelled. I ordered two other products that reflect as cancelled and the order I want to cancel is still there.
The item was cancelled on 25th July. What are you telling me...waiting cancellation?! In fact you NW responded to me here abt the same. Nkt
kindly cancel order 304189586. Had hoped to receive it last week and when that failed I opted to source the items from elsewhere
Should go pick it up and bring it to your warehouse? I am tired of you people giving me excuses! It was CM now you NW. Nkt am so mad
So your refund policy on your website is baseless and I should disregard it? I didn't even pick the product, simunirudishie doo
From 25th July to date? What happened to the 48 hours you people had told me earlier?
Your policy states that a refund should take place within a maximum of 14 days. What happened to mine? Order no. 309743686
Please don't fail me. This is the second time I'm placing this order pic.twitter.com/y4sOWVKCr3
Order number 301377186. I ordered the product elsewhere and received it already.
hello I cant get option of pay on delivery
No call yet Is your town office open so that I can collect my package? I need directions to it.
I would like to cancel my order. No one is answering at customer care. Please assist
what's the status on my order 306865686 am not being notified.
Still waiting for my order from 2 weeks ago...
Yes do cancel
My order no is 308891886. You are taking long to deliver the product why !!!!!!
why are my items not delivered to the client since last week saturday. Its been over 10 days whats not happenning.?
Not with such a poor response rate, maybe next time
I came on monday you told me to come back on Thursday but here I am and your Office locked
almost 5 days yet to receive postage..whats up?
i ordered a laptop from you,,,until now I have not received any response from you
I have emailed you more than once over an order I Placed. Nobody has contacted me. Why? It's urgent.ORDER 308879186
Hello! I need an update on order , please
trying to call, put on hold for 15 minutes... is there another number I can call CS??? My refund is 3 weeks overdue
, what is the state of this (Your Jumia Order 302295886 - item(s) have been shipped) delivery. Your guys ain't answering my email
I placed an order for​ an overseas item and the 15-19days waiting period has passed and still no communication from you guys
Hey, are working today? I'm unababIe to reach over the pone. I need an update on order
Guys mko n'a shida gani n'a parcel yangu do u think we gote whole day to beg u respond to us
hello.i recently bought Tecno camon C7 from you.two months down the line it have developed Bluetooth malfunction.plz help
I bought a Tv, Teqworld some months back, Today it just started going off by itself, what could be the problem
Are guys responding Ama unjust assumption mnaudhi and we are paying
i got a text on saturday telling me i'd get a delivery in 24hrs but still nothing. What's going on??
are u guys there Ama mumeenda vote
my case has been ignored and its now 2 weeks and no refund.Whats happening?
are u guys responding ama mumesafiri kuvote?
i ordered for something last week on monday yet it was supposed to arrive in 3 days. Your number is out of reach, whats up?
whats not happening. an order stays for 15 days. this is a punishment. kindly refund my cash
309541986 my order number,has not been delivered since friday,where can i pick it,or give me the delivery guys number??????
Like Baobab is 12k a night max. 5 days is 60k. You guys are quoting 107k. :-O
I made an order on Tuesday last week and av not received any feedback please assist order no 308231786
Still waiting...still waiting.
306912186 imefika wapi no confirmation was sent
can someone please give me a call. Its pointless to follow the prompts on the phone just to be kept waiting and then hung up on.
As much as i would like to be patient a week is long ...i have never experienced this with you
Its more expensive to book hotels through you guys than to book on my own. Negotiate better deals.
cancel the entire order if u cant have all four items i dnt want none of them refund my cash
if y'all r going to cancel an order u cancel the entire of it nd refund my cash entirely not half nkt pic.twitter.com/BPfHtyd4jI
I had an issue on how to activate the Airtel 1GB Data bundles for the Airtel sleek phone I bought from you.
CM can you find out when I'll be refunded before resorting to HASTENING and FAST TRACKING''& apologizing for the delay"
BTW, I bought it as an office machine, but with the lack of Internet port, it wouldn't serve the pupose. so kindly assist.
The edges are not silver in colour as shown in the images, OS is not Ubuntu, and it does not have a 10/100 RJ-45 Ethernet network port .
this VoucherCodeREFc0ce59668047 is not working kindly help!!
I wanted to pick up my Order at G4S station but I can't find them is there anything you can do for me, I need to travel with the package,
I'm really disappointed. You should have told me the delivery is not going to be made today instead of giving false promises.
I modified my order and wished it delivered today.been trying to call and agents aren't answering.what's up?
the actual appearance of the laptop on the web images are nothing like what I received.
The laptop on the order 301715786, the specs on the web are different from what I received. e.g. Ethernet port is not present
Changed my mind on the purchase I made.
Follow back so i can DM
If that's true then why am i still receiving mail from you guys? pic.twitter.com/VMHtHBV1gd
good morning..order number..308426686 not recieved
when will i receive my phone that i ordered since 24/07/2017. my order no. 306789986. am really mad at you.
the package I received does not correspond to what I ordered on the web. I would like to return it and be refunded.
i bought an x tigi phone and received it on 28th july, thr problrm with is that it has never opened the mpesa, why ?
Order no ADA-308385586-G38 was supposed to be delivered today but wasn't .. what happened ?
I received my laptop yesterday, but the mousepad is not working.
Also have 2 emails from yesterday telling me my order had been shipped (2 batches totalling 17 items). I'd hv preferred receiving that today
Problem is I've received phone queries on my order since 2 Aug. Today, 1 out of 19 items was delivered. The remaining 18 are more important
please my phone that I bought it's SD is not opening
,i placed a simple order with you but almost a month now all is a stand still
its 4hrs since I recived the response. so far no care agent has been in touch. is the product available or not??
I am very disturbed by the rate at which you people take to sort clients. Ever giving promises that you can't keep. Pathetic
How far is my refund? Still waiting.
can you cancel my order coz this aint fair at all ....
jumia.co.ke/galaxy-a5-2017 -32gb-3gb-ram-16mp-camera-dual-sim-gold-samsung-mpg17092.html -details … the phone on the advert does not correspond with the specs.
Feedback?? It's been over 2 weeks
nkt what bout the elections>....?
have got any call today he/she is coming,am waiting but am so much disapointed
purchased some items and made a request on delivery been trying to reach you guys from 2nd but aint getting your feedback.
Hi it's now 6 business days since I ordered...still haven't received the package MAD-307311986-W3I.
Received your text message that my order is already for pick, why 3-5 days again?
I want to talk to a customer care not this automated because i have specific qstns want to ask!
I might have gone loss for thinking you are better than other online stores.. But you might Regret this one..
Jumia am greatly disappointed by your customers support..
Hi it's now 6 business days since I ordered...still haven't received the package.
you have to cancel this thing you can't be bringing the time you want pic.twitter.com/TivENZYd1V
why does it take long for you to deliver your service,your services delivery is becoming poor...one week no delivery
helloo jumia ..i placed an order on monday for delivery to pangani and untill now its not yet deliverd ...why this slow?
please where is my product
please cancel
Your responses sucks CM HASTEN, ESCALATE BLA BLA BLA..... which is the next rhetoric and terminology tomorrow? I need my money back period
its the third day and the order has not been confirmed yet
My item has not been delivered and yet you have said it is delivered to me and u have written for me to comment n haven't received it????
Why does me item not delivered and yet u have said it is delivered
mnamake deliveries Canaan ama tujipange
hey it's been more than two weeks since you said you will refund me. Kindly do so am loosing patience with your operations
My refund is long due. I need my money back pic.twitter.com/R9HxcSVnEj
Good afternoon, I'm trying to place an order online but the link your online sends me to reset my password keeps expiring!!
Hi Jumia. I recently bought a watch online through jumia platform but it had a malfunction. It has not worked since shipment. pic.twitter.com/gBHfJsEwiu
I am not surprised that the 48 hours bado hazijaisha. I am very dissapointed
please inform on order 304296586 posta stuff have record of not calling citing lack of credit.... please help
hi.I've tried calling the no. you used to call me but the response is that it's out of service
hi, i made an order .. but i cant see pay on delivery option. whats up?
Order number 306469886 HTC One E8 phone received on 29the Jul 2017 is faulty.Kindly assist.
http:// hey.you delivered a faulty DTA cable.please help let me know if I can return it for a functional one
hi.the Generic USB data cable you delivered is not functional,so frustrating,how do return this?
Expensive
I got an SMS your package has arrived at our CBD-Fleet and will be attempted for delivery within the next 24 hours.where is it?"
Refund appreciated. The inconvenience and lack of honesty, Not.
I didn't get the confirmation
my order has not been actd on
I placed an order but you haven't delivered it.
I bought an item 2 weeks ago and paid for it. Until now it has never been delivered. If you have conned me, let's me know ASAP
cant proceeed past *proceed to checkout* whats up with my account
FYI the returns section on the website doesn't work.
Morning guys. Received the item on 28th, but it doesn't work at all. Can I get a refund?
two products to return from one customer in two weeks doesn't look very good. No? Infinix phone neither reads nor composes SMS.
hey, what is this message of you cancelling my shipment at 11:02 pm?? Last time this happened the money was never returned.
i placed an order on 18th July, not yet received. Order number 303268286. Destination: Nyeri post office.To Abigail murugi HELP
how does it work with you guys..I mean, I placed my order but until now..still got nothing..
The item was picked on Thursday, the information was that there was a voucher of same value to be awarded by latest Monday. No response yet.
kindly check my responss
hey...am wondering why one product has more than one price allocated to it....please clarify
If the delivery system isn't good then your clients will just prefer to buy their products from the supermarket.
Also can't you have a specific time for delivery. One can't seat in the house the whole day waiting for their delivery
I don't understand why several orders made by the same person at the same time should be delivered on different days.
You need to work on your delivery system. You might have a good service but when your delivery system is bad it doesn't matter.
Sometimes you tend to annoy your customers, improve your customer care skills pic.twitter.com/NFdNL49JN6
how do i deactivate my online shop?
Kindly cancel the order
Still waiting for this
It's okay, but that would be past 4 days.
You realize that I initiated the transaction on 28th July. Kindly deliver the item latest tomorrow.
I spoke to one of your agents earlier and they were to call back after 20 mins,Its now over 3 hrs!!
You keep apologizing and looking into the matter, it has been4 days now with no http:// resolution.you guys sound like a broken record.
Ordered a phone on 27th (order 307311986, package MAD-307311986-W3I). Yet hasn't reached your warehouse since then. Pls assist.
Same thing happened a couple of months ago. There's no point ordering from your site if you can't deliver the items.
Then they called on Monday and said they would deliver during the day. They didn't. Today, we got a message saying the order was canceled.
I know where the location is... Not my first time to order. The problem is that the location is not listed on your website. pic.twitter.com/M0mK0zcFzw
Hi.. There is no option for pickup station in kilifi on your site. Kindly check on that and advice.
Kindly expedite.
just process my money back.thank you for the poor customer service.
You didn't ask what the delivery issue was, so how will you improve it?
Hi, I've just had an order canceled bc of your delivery service's incompetence. This is the second time. Won't be coming back.
Kindly reverse the voucher I place my last order with you guys
An Edward I spoke to last week said you were tracking the order. Now what? I AM SO PISSED BTW. No more Jumia for me
I can very confidently state that nobody contacted me with regards to cancelation
As a customer I was concern. On other sites similar looking watches are 9 to 15 dollars. I thought it had to be an error.
I made an order more than three weeks ago,Im yet to b informed whether the product is arrived.
So a month later and no delivery?i thought the order is in your warehse...Jumia WTH is this?
hey guys i ordered a shoe size n'a hainitoshi any help u can offer
how do I get a refund for a cancelled order? Been trying to contact you through your customer care line in vain.
whatw wrong with your customer service.i launched a complain and its a month now no satisfaction from you am highly disapointed
Guys I am sick and tired of following up on this, second guy since last week saying they don't have my package yet this text is from you!!! pic.twitter.com/k4yGqQSugR
I am a first time customer and extremely disappointed by services. Check your customer care email ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And you are not helping me now.
Nkt
you guys have cancelled my order but haven't refunded me my money 4ne number is 0703743321 .... Assist me please
A concerned customer seeking clarification before confirming an order: the price of each item and how they add up to the total pic.twitter.com/eTxF9rpsTJ
Acha ujinga, need nothing less than that! Can't keep me waiting.
Can I please understand this calculations here! I have been trying... pic.twitter.com/y16Pxmmn6o
Are these prices for real? I suspect a pricing error. That is over 1828 dollars. pic.twitter.com/a6gXwAxWro
They why sell products u can't share seller details
There was NO communication on picking it. Called on Thursday.Told it's at the hub,wait for an SMS.Waited,nothing.2day I am told cancelled
I still need a good explanation. Because the logical one is, someone pocketed the product. A call was made on Thursday to confirm pick-up
cancelling an order yet a call was made to confirm whether to pick up the product?So inconveniencing & annoying! be warned
How come?Maybe it's 480 hours instead of 48 hours?I just talked to 1 of your customer care lady and she told me 2 wait for 48hrs again agggh
Im so unhappy. It's a week since a refund of order 309743686 was to be effected within 48 hours. Leo I'm told to wait for 48hrs
No reply as of today.
I am unable to return the phone using the system
its 3 pm and no delivery yet.so lemmi write it again, if not delivered by today cancel my order and process refund.
I guess I will just have to call your customer care then.... Since you really not feeling too forward with an address
I placed an Order It Has Not Been Delivered & No Call & No Info For About 2weejs Now. What's wrong
3PL-302975486-7FQ delivered, but on checking there is nothing inside. Come collect your empty parcel and refund my money.
It is not charging nor showing anything on the display. Kindly send someone to have a look a it
Hi jumia. I can't find BOMET on the drop down menu of pickup stations. Kindly help. Call me on 0727110271
Not really,I went to check on my own bcz I've been receiving text msgs that I need to pick my item or it will be shipped back to Nrb.
Ok. Poor suppory
Order 307813686. The thing is broken and it doesn't help it if I change the batteries with fresh ones.
its now 11 days since I placed an order and paid for a phone,order no.303673286..up to now I have not received it?..wassup?
what's the status of Jumia Order 302789986?Taking too long
Was wondering since 14th two weeks later if has not reached the collection point. Thanks thou. pic.twitter.com/T3XeghsiaM
Check when i placed the order then tell be about the TAT..If the its not deliverd by tomorrow , i want my money back
I placed an order 302629396 on 11/7 which was fully paid for. This is 30/7 no response from JUMIA. Just refund back my money.
so that you deliver one made for UAE and refuse to change? Customer be ware
Kindly check for me Order the phone has a charging problem
I placed an order last wk,ua guys say it's bn delivered bt I've bn 2 ua KSM pick-up station twice & told it's yet 2 be received.
Hi bought an item but no user manual
Hi, I had returned a package and I have just received it back a few hrs ago. It still has the same issue.
HI, I had returned a package & I have just received it back about an hour ago but it still have the same issue it had.
. Are your services bad as the one I've recently experienced? The iPad toy you delivered is broken and I can't reach you!!
how do you supply a product destined for UAE yet you claim you cannot replace for one that works http:// here.style up! https:// twitter.com/JumiaKenya/sta tus/890479968261730304 …
Have been trying to call Jumia offices on all the various numbers you have provided online. No one is answering.
confirming the blender is working okay though am still waiting for our other orders 15days down the line.
You are very slow in responding to client queries. I bought somewhere else one hour after I asked u coz u took too long to respond
hi so I ordered something on Monday, and I haven't received a delivery confirmation Message
If i dont get Order 307217196 by monday; please start processing my money back.
What? I am in zone A how come its long yet its supposed to be 1-3 days?
I did receive it but with no usb cable
I cancelled the order due to wrong delivery address. The flashdisk was under the same order number. So should be cancelled as well.
my order no. 306289396 was cancelled but not whole amount was refunded. My coupon is sh 19,319 instead of ksh 21959.
am trying to select a pickup station in Mumias Posta but it isn't available. This happened last and gave wrong address
Hello. I ordered 2 items on 25th only one of them has been delivered today. Both snow the same status when I track the orders.
Why did you remove the pay on delivery option?
No I haven't. That's why I posted this query. I went to the pickup point, posta Kilifi, they say it hasn't arrived.
Why aren't you responding to my question?
.the order was shduled for a return with 48 hours and this is the third day.no communication from you.
order 309671886 ...has it been confirmed. .am not receiving any feedback...
.... afternoon....I have placed an order and it's not giving me feedback or a confirmation call...kindly help...
you promised to repair my phone within 10 working days. It's 15 days now and no news on my phone
am purchasing a phone and I cannot see the pay on delivery option what's the problem?
I just want to know how you count yours hours. It's past 72 hours already and I haven't received the refund yet
Well I won't be around in the next 48hrs ,it's past the delivery SLA you committed to,
how do you regret when you are not providing me with what I have paid for? My cash will be a curse to your business
okay its the 3rd month since i ordered haven't received my refund after canceling reason?your poor service
why are you guys not responding to my emails about my package i ordered from you sometime back?
You want to charge me twice yet I already paid!!!
Kindly please cancel my order
On 26th July i got my order, inakuja bila USB cable ????? Thanks for the life bouy soap.
Hi, still have yet to be contacted. Please advise to attempt delivery on a weekday
my order number 307979286 is taking like forever. Can I cancel it and get my money back?
Let me propose one thing now, i want my money back.
i feel frustrated by the whole issue bearing no communication on what is going on. This is making my patience to wear out.
Good Morning. As promised no communcation on both cited parties, that is from you Jumia and Innjoo Customer care
I have been trying to contact your customer service to inquire about an order, you are not picking up.Its urgent.
I need Telephoto clip-on camrea 12x zoom but there's no Pay-On-Delivery option, delivery time is than two weeks. Kindly advice.
Acheni hizo one week ishapita
Order number 304684986 being shipped to Athi River is taking too long..
it's the 10th day since I ordered 307979286. Can I cancel the order and get my money back?
where is this order, its already 21 days 303713796
It's more than 50 hours and I haven't been refunded.Whats the way forward?
Am really disappointed, pls cancel the order!!!
pls tell me when my order will arrive. Order no 304949686
i have been waiting for my order since July 12th when you guys confirmed it had been shipped. Why is it taking that long?
why are you guys ignoring my tweets???
apparently, they were not cancelled!?
When I placed the order, your site gave a timeline of 1-4 working days. Why is this order taking longer?
haloo why are you taking longer than usual to deliver order number 304684986 to athi river it seems stuck somewhere
I made this order 305242686, paid for it and more than a week now I have never been informed about it
Not yet. Forwarded the issue to _KE no response yet
Am tired of apologies if it doesn't arrive today I'll jus cancel it
when will my order arrive since u failed to deliver jana or should I jus cancel it am tired of waiting. Order no 304949686
aye jumia need to DM kindly follow back
you are the most horrible company ave ever come across and I pray no other customer will ever experience what ave gone through
Why all this processes and we had deliberated in this in call, please note we were very patient with the orders with the delays that were
,kindly advise when I'm receiving my parcel.. Order number 304163596..tired of waiting
just cancel it
been contacted twice this week for delivery of order 307518686, yet to be delivered though
and remember your customer care numbers are being disconnected.
I need a way forward. Am tired and remember no communication from them.
hi, a customer has been brought different items from the ones she ordered 307946986
why did you supply me one for UAE knowing very well am in Kenya. That is conmanship
Can I Cancel it?
this was on your website a few days ago, but it's no more! What happened? pic.twitter.com/m6niVAbzRr
10th since i took a phone , which i bought from you, to customer care, do i have to look for them still?
there was a blender my girlfriend purchased and returned but apparently the same blender was sent back please advise.
You guys are fraudsters. You say you can't take back the TV because ave broken seal. How was I supposed to read the model code without openi
Hey what's up, I was waiting for my battery not a refund, can someone get back to me regarding this...I received a token, but I need product
You're one stop shop for apologies, apology vouchers and unfulfilled orders, get yours today at http:// jumia.co.ke
Save it.
This is your best?
You're number's not working i need to make an important order Don't paste your link here please Call 0727855347
good morning. I ordered speakers which were rightfully delivered. However after connection I realised one speaker is faulty.
Hi how do I insert sim in the tecno L9? You delivered it without a user manual.
am most frustrated customer. Can you look at order no. 309866686 and get back to me soonest
You have many hidden charges
The fact that you have everything on the store. Even the unmentionables. pic.twitter.com/kTum3CulWp
Also, 48hrs+ for a delivery in the same city is a bit much. Please keep your apology vouchers. Order fulfilment score: 00
Do you sell apology vouchers? I have accumulated 3. Come on!
Order fulfilment excites me, but you are clearly incapable of it! pic.twitter.com/GiKvrBVaj8
ALL of my orders for 3 different items were canceled, please tell me what you are and what it is that you do? pic.twitter.com/mdgyLszd15
Its understandable, in such a case u shld take responsibility and not cancel orders without trying ur best. Let me know how am getting mine
I hav been expecting my item order no:306333366 that you promised to ship in by 19th July in vain.Can I know what's the problem?
Your flash sales are shitty as hell. Reducing an item's price by 500 shillings then charging 600 shillings for shipping.
i have ordered 3 usb cables they are not even charging my phone one being an infinix note 2 with fast charging and a tablet
order number 304684986 taking too long
It's okay, but now it has forced me to look into other alternatives before you bring me one.
I've just opened it today even before using it and that's what I get. It was delivered like that.
hello am trying to place an order with no success please help
An attempt? Without contacting me?
There is a split on the top edge that connects to the phone. Picture evidence herein attached pic.twitter.com/106qdgEsZ7
A Sunday order not yet delivered?? 304764986
Is the delivery still going to be made today coz I avnt even gotten a call from the person making the delivery
hi please cancel this order 306225986
.I placed order302581896 on 6th July,a no. of my followup emails 've gone unreplied to. When r u delivering? Are u up 2 de task?
i am yet to receive my order- order no. 306712796
Can someone please reply to my email.
I bought a charger with you guys but it's faulty! Way forward?
But it's been faulty since day one. It's barely 3 weeks old
please inform when my order will be delivered becoz am about to cancel it. order no 304949686
I have received an email with no phone call confirmation on parcel WHF-302791986-lox kindly confirm if it is coming to me
hey i would like to purchase a phone but pay on delivery. I can't see that option on the app pls help
I am yet to receive the email half an hour later
Okay, as I wait can I kindly confirm for the status of another order I made on 8th this month My order no is 309411596..it has been longer.
Hallo guys. How long kwani does it take to make delivery?
Got a Zed Air Pro Notebook from Jumia but it has been having OS problems since it came. Can I return it back and u have a look?
I am trying to reset my password,but the email has not come through, kindly assist. email: antoapiyo412 .com
You promised that this order 307264286 will be available at Rongo posts on 25th but I've not got any communication.
Hello Jumia, am kindly asking to know the status of this order 307264286. It's now 10 days since the order was made.
Its already past 21 days if am not wrong, since 6th of July
what happened to order No.305319196. It has already delayed for 3weeks.
This was on 7th July. I still haven't gotten a call from the delivery guy. Kindly advise me on what to do next. pic.twitter.com/Zfnnbmna17
why the Jumia First delivery items are charging delivery charges.. suppose to be free delivery?
I bought a phone early this year, it's not charging now. I am calling you but no one is talking to me. Please assist.
even the name u cant access?
hahaha jumia sells unga at 5/= and you have to part with 300/= for delivery or on drop points
Thats not fair
is the phone going to be fixed or not??
its been 3 months and now is the time you guys are telling me to visit the service centre??.
why should i make payment????
why make payment and it still has its warranty
Snob huuh! I skipped class today but you don't deliver. https:// twitter.com/idzastar/statu s/889837027012882432 …
why is the post office near me no longer appearing in the list of pick stations?
Otherwise let me just throw it away and cool the anxiety
I never switch off my fine!
I kept calling myself the number given. Given several promises by s Mr. Gilbert
please cancel the order 307615986.
why did you remove posta pickup station in Nyeri?
hi...i need to cancel an order
I requested for return for order no. 309912486 I feel frustrated on lack of info on what's going on!
I feel like Julia is taking me for a ride!
It's Ramco microwave. The start" button is not working, consequently the heating glass is not rotating, nothing is warming or cooking."
So it seems jumia is waiting and Posta is also waiting even after the 7days... and am also waiting
Posta called me and asked me if I was going to pick the package. I told them it was to go back to Jumia.
Kindly update me where you have reached with cancellation of order no. 306289396. I was to wait for 7 days but I have waited for 10days.
I would like to cancel an order No 302165986 kindly
I received an electronic delivery yesterday, but the mechanism is faulty. Order number 303756286
That is what I am saying I did not receive
i had made an order returned order no 304323496. returned it on but 24 days are almost but no feedback
hi. My Bluetooth earpiece was missing a charger order number 307467686. Please assist
Let your delivery guys have some courtesy.Want to track my order too.
I thought you guys were supposed to revert to me on monday about my issue
Its OK looking forward for the refund
.....on 0740533480,asking the direction to my place so as to deliver the item.Why have you changed your mind so suddenly ?!!
,We had agreed that you cancel my item order number 308574986.I've just been called this morning by one of your messangers
my package taking too long before delivery, niligongwa?
In a click of a button?
It been almost a month since I placed my order and no communication yet
Was placing an order to kitaleposta but not giving me an option as collection point!
Order 21/07/17- y u have to put sale if u cant deliver. My confirmed order is cancelled. how now? very bad. not happy with this.
Dear JUSTO, your order 309871686 has been confirmed! When is it due...after 8/8!!!
Hi. I made an order a month ago, still waiting for delivery and there has been no communication whatsoever. Kindly get back
my order no: , I have not yet received the product:mini wireless bluetooth 4.0 stereo in-earphone-Black. Please assit
The refund is taking too long and I need to order new ones asap. What's up?
Can I get timelines please, it’s already a week
. My son bought a faulty experia phone from you on 15th July. Upto now you have not collected it. That is the worst service ever
And how sure I am that the one posted now, won't be out of stock once ordered. Take heed of due diligence for items on your site""
It's so frustrating to wait for a confirmed order, then one week later you are told was out of stock. How come it was posted on your site.
you forced me to pay for the order as a commitment, then you cancelled the order one week later after holding hostage my money for one week.
was my first time to deal with you, I thot you do due diligence for the items posted on your site.
here's a No. that received 100MBs instead of 350MBs 0736769643. I was advised through a call to share it here.
why has it taken this long when my previous orders took only a few days??
I just need clear timeline and constant update. How can I be patient if you keep me in the dark?
I've been trying 2 call ua lines and none has been picked.The poorest of customer care service i've experienced.Kilimall's cool
hello jumia i ordered two memorycards and they were not delivered neither returned our cash please intervene.thanks
how about you call me back since you are not picking calls now that I have already committed my money to you.
AND advise the status now,How long should I wait ???? 21days ran out !!
Well up to now they haven't. Why am I suffering for the inefficiencies of your suppliers?
309489296
I tried and its not working
my order 306527166 in package ADA-306527166 has not been delivered and it has been a month since i made payment. Please advice
i purchased an airtel sleek and am unable to redeem the Igb data
Refund my money back to my money wallet I don't need a voucher.Order no: 303461486
kindly check on order no 306154686.I ordered and paid for two goods but only one has been delivered.
still have a problem with accessing the voucher and placing the order. Kindly cancel order number 302656986
cancel order 304275286 for me. Your delivery sucks nowadays. It's being shipped frm Thursday.. or they are using a wheelbarrow..
Please contact me with the delivery date for order 304949686 someone called only to tell me that he couldn't deliver it to ruai
order placed 2 wks ago not fully delievered to date. Any challenges?
The phone does not connect to any network.. the laptop switches of on its own.
Kindly confirm what is happening to my order reference 308541196 from 10th July and still counting.Surely!
I haven't received my order yet.
S9- Wireless bluetooth sport order number . do not hold power please i need a refund or another item functioning well
delivery status update please
you don't serve people as they wish,why would you council orders your customers do!?!!
anybody here? Need help with order , check status and advice, I'm getting the order cancelled mail why?
How come one places an order then you cancel it saying its not in stock and repost again with a high price tag one day later
just tried purchase something using your app and pay using mpesa i was not able and i have headache
hi! email expected delivery timeline for order 302744986 to nyiel37 .com
did i have to say u guys are conning me 4 u to DM me back. Now check my reply b4 u offer yo fake ass apologies! Nonsense!!
I want to return a product order number 301274686 because it seems to shut down now and then
shud I accept that u have conned me? U refuse to reply to my msg ama u will reply 5 yrs later ndio niseme tano tena?
Hi ,am having trouble completing a purchase for an item I've already paid for .kindly assist
I have not received these items I ordered long ago and am yet to receive after paying long ago pic.twitter.com/QLyLO9DJcf
yo! I haven’t received my package yet .309566286
how long do i have to wait
And what was this text intended to mean... Was it it just PR stuff or what? pic.twitter.com/xp8hvV1j89
Even worse. How long do you people take for a return.... Its been more than 24 days already... Call me on 0724133834
Hi, still waiting for feedback on returned order no: 303461486
kindly confirm when you're delivering my item that I earlier returned and has overstayed in the service center ""
and i called that 0708880800 and they are very rude..
i am in nakuru..they gave me a ticket number and said theyll contact me when its ready and surely i have been patient its now past 3 months
My cousin ordered for two phones from Jumia but two months down the line they have never bn delivered. Y? Cc
ofcourse it all of them I just lost 1000 Bob coz I know no matter the amount of PR you are trying to portray you won't take it back
