Great! thanks.
Thank You
Okay cheers. Thanks
Cheers!
The item arrived. Thank you Jumia.
Thank you
Thanks
Perfect!!
Thank you.
thank you for the quick response
OK thanks
Done and hope to win too
OK..it has been delivered..thank you
Ok thanks.but assist me with paybill number please
Hae,I had left my phone and found that your missed call.. please if the package is ready i'm also ready please
ok thanks
Ok well copied.but if it is ready can I pick it tomorrow at 10:00am
It's okay thanks for that
So next week? Okay. Thanks
thank you
Far-fetched but I thought I'd ask anyways. Nonetheless, a 4/5. Not bad.
I have been contacted by call and sorted thanks
Thank you
Thank you Jumia ,this the phone I ordered.
thanks
Thanks
Let me wait. Thank you.
Issue being looked into ^Jamo
thank you and keep up the good work and customer service
Thank you ^Jamo
thanks for your early delivery was able to cheer my unwell son with pretty B-Day present Asante sana pic.twitter.com/ADZaBRdT5I
Thank you.
Great customer experience..thank you for processing my refund on the double.
Awesome. Tx GS ^SG
^GS. You're awesome at your job. Satisfied customer here. !!
Thanks ^GS. 1more thing. Of the 4 items, 3 have 3-6 days for delivery & 1 has 3-19 days. Means I'll get all'o them after 19 days? Same order
Thanks
thank you too
Delivered, Thank you
Thanks a lot. Just checked that out. However, do you have a Plain one; Colour White. Preferably without Velvet? pic.twitter.com/bJesIvjmzb
Thank you!
Recieved. Thank you
thank you
thank you
Hello, thank you but it has all been sorted out! Thx
Received. Thank you
Thank you kind regards
ok thanks
I salute http:// Ms.Gift for the awesome customer care service. She's the best. She solved my issue fastest. Thank you
Thank you.
Thank you!!
Thanks
Thanks for the confirmation
thank you so much
thanks
Okay Thank You
Thank you for the response :)
Thanks a lot got the phone I ordered for.
Apologies accepted
Received it thanks.
Thanks very much. I appreciate your help.
Ok thanks you very much thats y I shop in jumia.
thank for your advice i have gone for it!
Have been assisted. Thanks for your actions
Thanks, got it.
Yeah,Iam sorted by your polite helpful agent.thanks
Thank you very much for the assistance rendered.
: FOMO! FOMO! FOMO! Tell your BFF! https:// goo.gl/kGQdxo pic.twitter.com/y3d8EGBwwQ https:// m.twitter.com/JumiaKenya
Okay and thanks a lot for the reply..
I have sorted,thanks
Thank you Cm am sorted.
Nope I'm good, I sorted and managed to buy
Thanks for the info
I was able to visit the office and they helped. Thank you
Thank you so much
fantastic congrats
I have been assisted already by your customer care, thanks for the effort.
Thank you !hope It will serve me for sometime well
You are spoiling us...
I got the items today. Thank you very much plus pia niliona mliweka sabuni, hii baridi haitaniruhusu niitumie Sana.
Seen, asante...
Thank you Jumia, I've received my parcel..However,improve on ua communication..It arrived on the 21st...Cheers 4 honesty though.
Thanks for the feedback
Thanks. Got item
Thank you. My apologies for any inconveniences caused.
Nothing what I wanted is on Facebook and I ain't on Facebook, but the shoes of men are OK, but thanks Jumia for ya great offers and services
I got tht Unga and gave it to my house help last time and she was so happy coz she was not getting it anywhere. :)
am still waiting for the delivery, please let me know if I should keep waiting or wait for tomorrow?
Great, thanks.
i do understand the complications in business. best part is you guys communicate well, bit late but u do. Hope will not get this in future.
lovely ...what about delivery
awesome
My order is through
Thanks have sorted it out
Got it already
I have picked the other 6 products.thanks
Received with thanks. Kindly edit order 304358826 to cash on delivery and cancel order 306358986
Asanti jumia
thanks a lot ..so I hope I will get assistance because am coming from far outside Nairobi .thankyou
Awesome
